---
layout: post
title:  "试用MT7621"
date:   2014-12-23 10:50:00
categories: 电子
---
##USB 3.0
https://dev.openwrt.org/browser/trunk/target/linux/ramips/patches-3.10/0214-usb-add-mt7621-xhci-support.patch 
select kmod-usb-storage and kmod-usb3. Add below to MT7621.dts(must?):
        xhci@1E1C0000 {
                status = "okay";
        };
But the 2 package was build as ipk even I mark them as "*". Why? Looks the mt7621.bin was not touched after I add new modules. Need change "target/linux/ramips/image/Makefile": Default8M. Default is 4M, otherwise the build will not generate new firmware.
Then device hang on boot:
     [   22.420000] xhci-hcd 1e1c0000.xhci: xHCI Host Controller
     [   22.430000] xhci-hcd 1e1c0000.xhci: new USB bus registered, assigned bus number 1




You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll’s dedicated Help repository][jekyll-help].

[jekyll]:      http://jekyllrb.com
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-help]: https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help
